(gentle music)
(car alarm ringing)
(upbeat music)
* Come on home
* Coming home baby now
* You know I'm
waiting here for you *
* I'm coming home
now real soon *
* You've been gone
* Coming home baby now
* You don't know what
I'm going through *
* I'm coming home I
know I'm overdue *
* Since you went away
* Expect me any
day now real soon *
* I'm coming home and
never more to roam *
* Baby tell me
you're coming home *
* I'm coming home
* Come on home
(upbeat music)
(engine roaring)
(brakes squealing)
- It's just me, there was
a gas leak in the building
which pretty sure it's
just that new guy Brian
and his lentil salads
but we all got sent
home a bit early.
Where are you?
- I'm at home.
- Are you?
- Yap, doing homework,
smashing out some maths
How's work going?
Oh, crap.
- Smashing out some
maths, were you?
What kind of maths was it?
If one idiot gets together
with another idiot
and they drive for half
a day in a shit box,
how many hours of his future
has the first idiot thrown away?
What is she doing back in town?
- You mean Ashley?
- Did she run out of
vegetables to cuddle?
- She came to see me.
- She doesn't get to see you.
- Can I have a drink please?
- Well you are supposed
to be at school.
- Seriously, I'm thirsty.
- Tell her to come back in two
years when you're finished.
- I finish now.
I'm dropping out.
- I beg your pardon?
- For a while, I'm
taking a gap year.
- You're in year 11.
- Ashley and I are
going to India.
- I'm going to the
Maldives with the Clooneys,
we can all catch up.
- I'm not joking.
- This is, oh okay. Is Cain in
here filming this somewhere?
- I'm leaving school.
- You are not leaving
school, Shawn.
(engines roaring)
- So we can use the patella
tendon for the autograph
and the tissue would then
run through the bones
to perform a new ACL.
- Whoa, doc, I
don't think we need
to hear about bones
and tissues, do we?
- Well if your
wife is gonna have
a new knee, then yes we do.
- We couldn't just try some more
cortisone injections could we?
- It's a complete tear now.
- I don't wanna tell you how to
do your job Dr.
Larson, but look here,
I can't see a tear in the knee.
- That's because it's a hip
which belongs to
my last patient.
- Wayne, put the Texta down?
- Now my waiting
list is fairly long.
- Oh, I don't mind.
I've gotta wait to get
through the Winternats anyway.
- The Winternats?
- The Winternationals.
It's the biggest date on the
racing calendar and Julz is
- Oh no, until you have this
operation, you can't race.
- Just wanna rub
out, was that a?
- Yes. Was it a
permanent marker.
- Permanent marker.
(man whispering)
Just wait a minute.
- Oscar, Eddie dinner.
- No, this expedition to Cradle
Mountain sounds grueling.
It's not compulsory, is it?
- Should be.
- Well, I don't want Oscar
and Edwina doing this.
- Can you imagine if
they dragged all those
entitled Thrussington brats
in the wilderness for 10 days?
- But our kids aren't
entitled brats.
- No, no, no. We've
been through this.
Our kids are perfect.
- Shawn's dropping
out of school.
- Can I dropped out of school?
- He's going traveling.
- Can I go traveling?
- With his girlfriend.
- Can I get a, oh no.
- Oh, that's terrible.
Amber will be very upset.
- She's gone mental,
he's such an idiot.
I mean, I know it's
harder for him but still.
- Why is it harder for him?
- Because he has to work harder.
- Because he's not
as smart as we are?
- No, because he doesn't
get the opportunity
handed to him like we do.
- What opportunity?
- At our school,
the extra teachers,
the beautiful classrooms,
the swimming pool.
- The state of the art cinema.
- The trips to Europe and China.
- The boats.
- A biomedical research lab.
- The fees that could
buy a Pacific island.
- Cradle map.
- Yep. Give me the permission
slip, I'll fill it out.
(upbeat music)
- Now this will
cheer you up mom.
- How do you get the
duck inside the chicken?
- It's chicken inside duck.
- Inside Turkey.
- Tone out and pop.
- Are you guys
here for turducken?
- He wants to drop
out of school.
- Not drop out, take a gap year.
- A gap year?
- Like Hamish and Andy,
that looked like fun.
What was the one with
the monkey and the beer?
(man laughing)
- It's not something fun dad,
he wants to go to India
with a girlfriend.
- Ashley. I'm so sick of school,
and I wanna learn
about the real world.
- And who's going to pay
for you in the real world
when you're laid out in a
Mumbai hostile with Guardia?
- Ashley.
- Sit down sweetie, sit down.
Do you want some turducken?
- It is massive in America.
- I'm not eating
meat at the moment.
- Oh.
- That is so rude,
this took us ages.
Babe let's get plates.
- Listen Shawnee, I know you
want a break from school, I do.
But we don't want
you to go to India.
We want you to stay here,
drive in the Winternats for us.
- What?
- You got my text from
the doctor, I can't race.
- Shawn can't either.
- Well, it's only
a couple of ways.
- He has exams.
- I'm happy to homeschool.
- No.
- What about Nan?
- I'm not racing, I'm leaving
school and I'm going to India.
- Congratulations,
grandparents of the year.
- I thought it was
helping us all out.
- Yeah right.
- What about me?
- Oh, you can have the
other turkey leg mate.
- I wanna step up to race.
I know that Jen is
better than anyone.
I know her inside
out, I can do this.
- You didn't want to
raise in the juniors.
- Yes I did, but I
didn't get a chance
because I was the
only one who could
mechanically service mom's car.
And Brianna's car in the juniors
and Shawn's car in
the junior juniors.
- I'm not sure.
- Well we won't be sure unless
we give it a go. Will we?
So come on, let's give it a go.
- Yes. Yes.
(upbeat music)
(door knocking)
- Mr. Janko.
Sorry. There was no
one out of the front.
So I just came back.
- Sharon.
Edina.
Lexie.
- I'm Amber Wheeler.
- Sorry. You need to make
an appointment to see me.
- I can see now.
- Well, I'm busy.
- You looked busy
out the window.
- You got a couple minutes.
- I want to talk to you about
my son, Shawn Van Winkle.
He wants to drop out of school.
- And what do you want
me to do about that?
- Gee, I don't know.
I just thought you being
the principal and all.
- Yep. No worries.
I'll just put that
on my principal pad
and I'll use my principal pen.
And add that to my list
of principal things to do,
just under rebuild the
back fence of the oval,
that's burnt to the
ground twice this year.
Fix the leaking roofs of six
of the 14 portable classrooms.
Had them for 11 years
temporary, they were.
Launch an investigation
into the missing drum kit.
That's three stolen this term,
and arrange counseling for
nine of our staff members
that are currently on light
library duty due to stress.
We don't have a
library, but listen,
just to the bottom
here I'll add,
get Shawn to stay in school.
There you go.
What are you doing
with my stapler?
And my pot plant?
- My taxes pay for
this shit hole.
You're not educating my son,
I want something for my money.
The fish rots from
the head, by the way.
(upbeat music)
- You all right man?
- Love it. Love it.
So good to be out here.
- What are you doing?
- Getting into the zone.
- Good boy.
- I don't think
he's ready for this.
- Babe we've got six weeks
until the Winternats.
- I mean, I don't think
he's ready up here.
- No, no. He's just told you,
he's getting in the zone.
- What, for an MMA tournament?
- Well what do
you want us to do?
Drop out of the comp?
- No, of course not.
- Then stop being so negative.
Wow, here we go.
- What's Tony doing here?
- Surprise. Tony has become
a Top Fuel instructor.
He's bought his dual cab
so you can ride shotgun
a couple of times.
That'll get you in the zone.
- Awesome.
(upbeat music)
- Whoa.
(Julie laughing)
- There he is.
- Tony.
- There she is.
- How are you?
- Oh my God, yeah.
- There's Wayne.
- No, this one
says zero degrees.
I think we need
something warmer.
- The checklist says that
zero degrees is fine.
- It's Cradle Mountain.
It'd be freezing.
What about backpacks?
- Yes. I'm checking them out.
No, no, no.
Oh, does it say
anything about a tent?
- No, no tent.
- It's a shame. I've got some
great tents for Sub-Zero here.
Oscar, I'll call you back.
- Okay, bye.
- The school supplies tents
and we already have backpacks.
- We just want Oscar
to be comfortable.
- If you want him
to be comfortable,
why are you sending him
off like Bear Grylls
having to drink his own urine?
- That's not on the checklist.
- We don't want him
to feel entitled.
- Why not?
My grandfather worked very hard
so we could all feel entitled.
- Nanny Margaret Oscar has
no idea how lucky he is.
- Oscar has no
idea about anything
and that won't
change If he spends
10 days defecating in the snow.
- You have to stop watching
the Discovery Channel.
- He has to realize
that not everything's
handed to him on a platter.
- Oh, I wonder if Danny
got him hiking boots.
- He has hiking boots.
- Oh the old ones are so dirty.
- Because they're hiking boots.
- Yeah, no you're right.
That is true.
- You're telling
dad to get new ones.
Aren't you?
- The old ones laces
are really frayed.
(upbeat music)
- So riding in the
front with Tony
will be the perfect
way to ease into it.
- Absolutely no pressure.
- Kayne, speak to me.
- Hi Tony.
- Starting line,
arms outstretched.
Look at the Christmas tree,
Amber lights, 0.4 of a
second later what happens?
- We turn.
(fingers snapping)
- Too slow, green light.
Did you release the handbrake,
100th of a second beforehand?
- Yes.
- Then go.
Four G-forces at
that start line.
Who else feels that, Kayne?
An astronaut
0.8 of a second, how
fast are you going?
- About.
- Wrong.
160km/h. Accelerate. Accelerate.
2.2 seconds, how fast
you going now, Kayne?
320km/h. Do you feel it?
10,000 horsepower surging
through your bones.
Four-second mark, put on the
brake, release the chute.
That's eight negative
G-forces, Kayne.
Brake's on, chute's out,
six seconds, we are done.
- Woo.
- Ooh.
- Actually feel like
I've been for a run.
Why don't we go
and have a coffee
and talk about the whole thing?
- It worked.
- Just you know, talk
things through you know,
and maybe just sort of
debrief a bit, get a donut.
- I know.
- It's a bit too
full on, wasn't it?
(Julie laughing)
- Racing is a bit full on.
- You remember the
first time he said
he wanted to race
in the juniors?
And he got sick for
- He had too many Chiko Rolls.
(engine roaring)
(upbeat music)
(tires screeching)
(engine roaring)
- What are you
doing in my kitchen?
- Hi, I'm making tofu balls.
- Oh, sorry.
I meant get out of my kitchen.
- Mom, Ashley's making dinner.
- You bought beer?
- Got it from nan and pop's.
For Ashley.
- Thanks baby.
- Tofu for Amber?
- I'm okay. I'm gonna
stick a wad of wet tissue
inside an egg carton
and eat that instead.
- Whoa.
- Your loss.
- Guys are really
hectic right now.
I'm gonna go for
a drive to chill.
- I'll come with you.
- Whatevs.
- Shawn, you're
not going anywhere.
- Oh really?
That's funny because look,
here I am going somewhere.
- Shawn.
- Far away from you.
(door banging)
(somber music)
(engine roaring)
- You had your eyes
shut the whole time.
- Not the whole time.
- The GoPro does not lie mate.
0.5 seconds eyes closed,
one second eyes closed.
1.5 seconds, eyes still closed.
- We get the idea Tone
Could you give us a minute?
You don't have to do this
if you don't want it.
- I do want it.
- Why didn't you
open your eyes love?
- I was visualizing,
- He was visualizing,
- That's what all
the top drivers do.
- It's true, we do.
- I saw the whole run
from inside my eyes.
- Yeah, but we're paying Tone
so you can see
outside your eyes.
- He was very helpful dad.
- Really?
- I'm ready to go
on my own next time.
(upbeat music)
(door knocking)
- I've come from my stapler.
I haven't really.
I don't think it
was stapled anything
in about three years, actually.
I've come to apologize.
Apparently, abusing a parent
that comes to you for help,
is not within the school
policy guidelines.
I looked that up this
afternoon, so I'm sorry.
- Okay.
- You caught me at a bad time.
You caught me at a
bad time this morning,
I'm giving up smoking.
- That's going well.
- It's going very well.
I just wanted you to know that
my fish isn't always rotting.
You'd said the fish
rots from the head,
well sometimes I run a
very happy, healthy fish.
I'm talking about
school just to be clear.
- Listen, I can't
look after one kid,.
I can imagine what it's
like to look after 800.
- 1800.
- Bullshit, no
wonder it's a mess.
- So here's the thing
we need Shawn to stay.
- We do?
- I can't lose another
good student like Shawn.
He's one of our smartest kids
and we lose all the smart ones
to the Catholic school, usually?
Why does he wanna leave?
- He wants to go to
India, he's in love.
- With an Indian girl?
- With a vegan.
- That's intense.
- Tofu bowl?
- No, thank you. I just
- Hate tofu?
- Yes.
I'm sorry, I didn't
make the connection
that you were Shawn's mom.
I mean, you don't
look old enough to
- I was chubby for nine
months in high school.
Let's put it that way.
But I got through it
and I got a good job
and I want that for Shawn too.
- So, you're the primary carer?
- Pay for everything, yeah.
- What about his father?
- He's a dickhead.
- Think you could
bring him in to see me.
- Seriously, he's a dickhead.
- Talking about Shawn.
Do you think you could get him
to come in and have a chat?
(upbeat music)
- I'm on my way to
work with the girls,
but I just got Fed Exed this.
It's just a little
something for Oscar's trip.
- Aspen, Colorado?
- They have such
lovely ski wear.
- You bought him something from
the most expensive
resort in the world?
- So make sure he
keeps the labels
visible in all the photos.
- Okay, now we've got the
boots in the right size.
Backpack, oh feel that.
- It is so light.
- It's titanium, it's
won all the awards.
- Oscar, you won't even
know you're wearing that.
- Cool.
- You do realize, Oscar's meant
to do the packing himself?
It was part of the
whole experience.
- Honey, it's Oscar.
- Oh and got the bamboo
cooking utensils,
same Japanese website.
- Oh, Oh, Oh.
Thermals from Denmark, made
especially for snowstorms.
- He's going to Tasmania,
not North of the wall.
- Toilet paper in sandwich bags.
- Yep, we should take the
wrapping off of those.
- No, no. I don't
think that matters.
- Dad just wants
everyone to know
that he buys recycled
toilet paper,
that gives half its
money to charity.
- No.
Why are you so grumpy?
- I'm not grumpy, I'm disgusted.
You have bought
every single item
on that checklist brand new.
This trip is meant to be
a lesson in entitlement.
But so far, the
only lesson is that
you two are enablers
of entitlement.
- Come on, Little
Lord Fauntleroy,
We'll miss the bus.
(plastic bag crinkling)
- I mean you Oscar.
- Bye mom.
- Bye.
- She's right.
- She's 100% right.
- We should send all this back.
- We should.
- We're not going to, are we?
- No.
- I mean, have you put
your hand in there?
- No.
- It's like
- It's too hot.
(upbeat music)
- Thank you so
much for coming in.
- I'm dropping out of school.
- I totally understand.
This is purely a formality
for the department.
Need to ask you a few
questions in order
to technically release
you from the school.
So you're off to India?
Where are you going first?
- Don't know.
- Oh, sure. Work it
out as you go along?
- Okay, why India?
- My girlfriend
really wants to go.
- Say no more, the girlfriend.
- But I really want to,
you know, India is cool.
- So mom's always worked?
- Yes.
- And dad?
- Dad's been more of a
one-off project based.
- I need him to answer these
questions uninterrupted.
- Dad's never really had a job.
- Okay. So, Mum's always
put food on the table,
bought your clothes?
- What's this got to
do with me leaving?
- Bureaucracy, statistics.
How does mom feel about work?
- She hates it.
- Oh bloody love my job.
- She never stops complaining.
- Only because I have to.
- Amber, you can wait
outside if you'd prefer.
Reason for leaving?
- Travel.
- Oh, there's no
travel column here.
There is apprenticeship,
drugs, failing.
- So, what did you put?
- Parental issues.
- What?
- Mum wants me to stay.
I'm leaving because
I want to travel.
- And because you're scared.
- Scared? What?
I'm the opposite of scared,
I'm going exploring.
Make up a new column for travel.
- Ooh, they get really mad
if you squiggle extra lines.
- What am I scared of?
- Finishing school, being
like your mother and father.
- I beg your pardon?
- One's never worked,
the others always worked
but is always unhappy.
(Amber sighs)
- Shawn, come wait in the car.
- No, please stay.
- I said go.
- We were just
getting somewhere.
- By piling shit on me?
- No.
- So he's running
away, because of me?
- He's chosen a
girl with no rules,
no responsibility, no meat.
- No fucking deodorant.
- So let's say yes,
his running away
has something to do with you.
- What makes you
think I'm unhappy?
- You've been a mother,
since you were at school.
you work your ass off.
You are exhausted, lonely,
and to top it all off, the
boy you're doing it all for
he's leaving you.
I'm sorry, I didn't
mean to make you
I just thought you had
every reason to be unhappy.
Pretty sure that was more
unprofessional than smoking.
- I better go after him.
- Yes, yes you should.
(heels clacking)
- Sorry, nothing happened.
We were just discussing, Shawn.
Listen that stuff he was saying,
your dad and I haven't
always been perfect.
And I know I'm a
pain in the ass.
- Ashley doesn't
wanna go to India.
(Amber sighs)
- Where does she wanna go?
- She broke up with me.
She said I'm too full on.
- Too full on?
Where is she?
I'll show her fucking full on.
(engine starting)
- Mom stop, just for once.
Stop.
(gentle music)
- Okay. This doesn't
have to be fast.
I just want you to
concentrate on the moments.
- When did Brianna
and Younis get here?
- Oh, I asked them to
come down to cheer you on.
(shoes unstrapping)
Is everything all
right down there?
- Yes.
(shoes unstrapping)
- Hi driver.
- Hi.
- We brought the rest
of the turducken, bro.
Bit of protein?
- Kayne.
What's wrong?
Kayne, what's wrong?
- It's the turducken.
I told you to put
more ice bricks in.
- You'll be right, mate.
It's probably just
a bit of heatstroke.
- Heat stroke?
- Yeah, Kayne gets a bit
heatstroke every now and again.
- Can you sit up love?
- Come on Kayne,
push through it.
- Give him a sec, he's hot.
- Well it's not that hot.
- Maybe for you it's not,
but Kayne feels the heat.
That's the thing
with heatstroke,
it can get you at any time.
You don't expect it,
but you've got to talk
in front of people,
you've got a meeting
with a big sponsor
or you've gotta to have one
of those tests at the hospital
where they slide you
in the white tunnel.
So no offense
Tone, but piss off.
- No worries.
- Throw that out.
- It was chilled.
- Bin it, now.
- Deep breaths love,
that's the way.
Brianna.
This is a panic
attack, isn't it?
- A what?
- You have panic attacks.
- No, I have heatstroke.
- Why haven't I ever
heard about this?
- It's embarrassing
to talk about.
- And pooping your pants
during an MRI isn't?
- I wasn't wearing any pants.
- You told me you
ate a dodgy kebab.
The Chiko rolls when Kayne
got sick at the juniors.
- I was never sure it
was the Chiko roll.
So I tried to tell you that.
- 15 years later, how can
I help you if I don't know?
- You can help by not
pushing him to race.
- I didn't mean that.
(Julie sighs)
- You're right, he's not ready.
- Yet.
Just have to get him
ready in Kayne time.
(upbeat music)
- Arms outstretched,
feel the car.
0.8 seconds, 160km/hr
And go, go, go, go.
(upbeat music)
- That's it, Kayne, go baby.
- Killing it.
I think we should ask Tony
to drive for us
in the Winternats.
- Already have.
- Anything for you, babe.
And you, Wayno.
(upbeat music)
- Feel a bit guilty about
buying all that stuff for Oscar.
- And packing for him.
- Well, he's on his own now.
- Yeah exactly.
I mean, they
wouldn't even let me
put his backpack on the bus.
- He'll have to manage
everything by himself.
(engine starting)
- Exactly.
(upbeat music)
(phone vibrating)
- So you're talking to me again?
- I wanted to say sorry
that you broke up
with your girlfriend.
- No you're not.
- No I'm not.
I think she was really selfish
to want you to go to India.
- Well, I'm not now.
- I'm glad.
(door knocks)
- I'm going to South America.
- Shawn, that is the
stupidest thing I've heard.
- In two years.
Sucker, I'll call you back.
Mr. Janko.
- Hi Shawn.
- I'm coming back to school.
- Oh, I know.
Actually, I'm not
here to see you,
I'm here to see her.
- What?
What?
- You're dinner
is in the fridge.
(heels clacking)
- My life is over,
you know that, right?
- I got that.
- Okay. Okay, I'm dropping
out of school again.
(upbeat music)